Empress, you are thinking of spring
Stinky girl, don't talk nonsense
Okay, okay, just the little emperor
Now this servant will help you wipe the medicine.
See the emperor later
Be careful, it hurts him
Go down.
Is the emperor
Don't blame the minister
I was trying to protect you
Send you to Ziluo Palace
I just didn't expect it to make you feel wronged instead.
No concubine is fine
I promise.
No one will dare to bully you again
Report to the Empress
Last night, the emperor suddenly summoned Yuanping to sleep
This morning.
I watched him take Lohonb back
What bedding?
And left with Lohonb
Hello, Yuan Ping.
What a blessing.
Has a face like his
You can get such a preference from the emperor
It doesn't look like it can be put down anymore
What relatives will not leave with Luohong?
Empress Shu
We can't just sit back and watch this.
It's easy to deal with him
So even if you don't get stabbed to death
He will also be thrown into the cold palace
Empress Yuan Ping
A fellow from Pingyuan County
Today's Record Palace said it brought your mother's letter from home
Drag me over and take you to meet